hi everybody this is my nephew David and
you could see he's grown a lot in the
last two and a half years and we're
actually filming a sequel to the first
video he was featured in where he ate
some beer dust and right now during a
sequel we have quite a bit more beard
here i upgraded i upgraded my shaver up
here so the trimmings will be a lot more
fine and delicious for David so won't
you open up your mouth David show
there's nothing in there open your
fucking mouth open I had a dainty
alright alright so let's see the beard
hair and the light oh my god get it over
wit shut up fatty alright alright David
ready alright that's fine all right get
a side view put it up to your mouth you
have to shoot it like it you're taking a
shot you wanted it all right now shoot
it back till your head back and let it
fall down all right let me see your
mouth open get to the light turn open it
up bigger oh okay swish tooling around
David just like less close your mouth
open it get it all over your tongue put
yourself put your tongue out fatty put
oh all right hey you're getting it
everywhere tilt your head back swishing
it around David hurry up all in your
mouth keep going keep going you have to
move your tongue around David that way
it's more nasty keep going moving around
swishing around David okay all right all
right right let me see let me see you
tug all right
and look at all this sauce that's where
is talking shit again your moustache
it's your face David dead oh good shit
oh nasty good job David yeah how was it
Evan damn it i bet facebook's gonna
enjoy this Yeah right eat shit yeah you
know you e fucking shit down already did
yeah you fucking yeah